---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.7.0.0
description: "OpenBVE v1.7.0.0"
modified: 2019-09-18
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

*Version 1.7.0.0*

OpenBVE v1.7.0.0 is a much larger release, although much of this comes in the form of internal changes.
A large amount of work has been done to convert the Object parsers into a single set of shared plugins, as well as moving most graphical and audio code into shared libraries.

A new (experimental) tool has also been added, courtesy of S520- TrainEditor2.
This allows the complete properties for a train to be edited within a single program.

Finally, a note on MacOS Catalina compatibility-
Unfortunately, Apple have made the decision to drop 32-bit compatibility. At present, OpenBVE relies on several 32-bit libraries and so is currently incompatible.
Please see the following issue for more details: <https://github.com/leezer3/OpenBVE/issues/384>

### Significant Changes:
* New: Add control to toggle the RailDriver speed unit display.
* New: Add panel / animated variables for the PilotLamp, StationPassAlarm and StationAdjustAlarm.
* New: Add dedicated sound for EB release
* New: Allow loading sway to be disabled on a per-car basis.
* New: Allow an object to be defined for couplers.
* Fix: A FreeObject command must contain a minimum two arguments <https://github.com/leezer3/OpenBVE/wiki/Errata#a-freeobject-must-contain-a-minimum-of-two-arguments>
* Fix: Platform roofs did not appear if the object was not available in both L and R.
* Fix: Handle Train.dat files containing duplicated section headers.
* Fix: A Track.Signal command with an Aspects value of -3 was incorrect.
* Fix: If no safety plugin was present, the handles were stuck.
* Fix: Loading sway did not work correctly on trains with automatic doors.
* Fix: The AI did not handle air brakes nicely on a long station stop.
* Fix: If the player was using a joystick axis to activate a control and enabled the AI, these could fight.
* Fix: An invalid filesystem character in train names could cause infinite recursion.
* Fix: Issues with the Object Viewer extensions.cfg parser when things were in an unusual order.

### Content Specific Fixes:
* Fix: If hacks are enabled and no valid backgrounds are defined, use a default (sky) background.
* Fix: Handle broken texture path in NeuveVille- Les Taux.
* Fix: Broken station object in Meguro route.
* Fix: Assorted issues with all2000.csv
* Fix: Use correct encoding for HK tram route.
* Fix: Disable toppling on NYCTA-L.csv
* Fix: Broken initial trackwork on M4.csv
* Fix: Tunnel on FGC V1 routefiles.
* Fix: Station exit issue on FGC V2 routefiles.
* Fix: Handle incomplete B3D face variant.
* Compatibility: Handle alternate path for Uchibo crossing sound