---
layout: post
title: openBVE v1.6.0.0
description: "openBVE v1.6.0.0"
modified: 2019-04-15
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

*Version 1.6.0.0*
### Significant Changes:
* New: Add Touch Operation to 2D and 3D panels- Existing 2D panels will automatically generate touch zones where possible, if the 'Extended Panel2' mode is enabled under options.
* New: Add Track Following Objects.
* New: Route Viewer uses the common texture loader plugins.
* New: Object Viewer will load an extensions.cfg file in order to view an entire train.
* New: Brake pressure, ATS variables etc. may be simulated in Object Viewer.
* New: Further updates to train.xml / CarXMLConvertor. __Note:__ This is still a work in progress feature....
* Fix: Handle where GlowFileWithoutExtension actually has an extension.
* Fix: Issue between P1 and P2 when using the OHC-PC01
* Fix: Issues with certain unusual train setups.
* Fix: Lock when creating the timetable image to prevent a possible crash.
* Fix: Handle a sound.cfg file where the first line(s) are comments.
* Fix: Handle unexpected whitespace in certain obj files.
* Fix: Possible crash in CSV / B3D object parser when an incomplete color was used.
* Fix: Handle another misdetected Unicode case.
* Fix: The Panel2.cfg parser did not handle invalid speed units correctly.
* Fix: Handle where the EM-DASH has been used instead of a minus sign.
* Change: When a train contains both a 2D and a 3D panel, this is noted in the log.

### Route Specific Fixes:
* Hacks: Fix assorted issues with the Dutch content available from http://web.ncf.ca/fb214/
* Hacks: Disable derailments for 737-Test Flight
* Hacks: Fix Z-fighting panel on Boeing-737
* Hacks: Fix issues caused by a misplaced comma in Balloch- Dumbarton
* Hacks: If hacks are enabled, enforce a minimum RunInterval of 2 minutes, in order to ensure that the preceeding train has actually cleared the station / player train. (Fixes the duplicate train on top of the player train seen in large amounts of BVE2 content)
* Hacks: Fix issues with the Iiyama 2060 route.