---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.7.1.4
description: "OpenBVE v1.7.1.4"
modified: 2020-04-25
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

### Significant Changes:
* New: Add rendered event for Rail Sounds change when events overlay is active.
* New: Coupler objects displayed in Object Viewer.
* New: Add **RouteLimit** to the available functions for panels and animated objects.
* New: Use a different icon for disks at the root of the main menu under Windows.
* Change: Improve TrackFollowingObjects in certain cases.
* Change: Only flush the black-box log to disk once every 30s (Reduces disk writes and stutter in some cases)
* Change: Minor improvements to the original X parser.
* Change: The 'incorrect' lighting behaviour described [here](https://github.com/leezer3/OpenBVE/wiki/Errata#lighting-behaviour-with-the-same-texture-defined-for-both-daytime-and-nighttime) is used when hacks are active.
* Change: Update hu-HU, id-ID and zh-CN translations- Thanks!
* Change: Detect and warn when vertices are declared outside of a MeshBuilder, as this may produce unexpected consequences.
* Fix: Assimp X Parser didn't support global materials.
* Fix: Assimp X Parser failing to support exponent numbers.
* Fix: Glitch when using two rail commands in a block.
* Fix: Crash when creating a package, but no files were selected to package.
* Fix: Crash when attempting to install a package into a UAC protected directory as a non-elevated user.
* Fix: Crash when GL3.3 not supported by the system.
* Fix: Crash with a zero-byte sound.cfg file
* Fix: Rotational / projection matrix glitch in 3D cabs
* Fix: 3D cab incorrectly lit in the new renderer.
* Fix: An AI driver for the player train was limited by **Route.Velocity**
* Fix: An AI driver for a player train with air brakes bounced on the brakes at the terminal station.
* Fix: Certain animated objects could be missing or incorrectly disposed of.
* Fix: Newline bug when the default train was not found.
