---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.7.3.0
description: "OpenBVE v1.7.3.0"
modified: 2021-04-12
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

Whilst this build has relatively few new features (again, sorry....) internally, a lot has changed.
By converting everything to a shared set of plugins, this reduces the code maintenence workload, and makes implementing new features much simpler in the long run.


### Significant Changes:
* New: Add **Separated (Interlocked)** handle type.
* New: Convert train loader to a shared plugin.
* Change: Bump the OpenAL version to 1.17.0
* Change: Properly grow the InputDevice plugin box with the main form.
* Change: Speed up loading of routes which do not use the **.Turn** command.
* Change: Update zh-HK translation- Thanks!
* Change: Add warning if target speed is not set by TFO, as this may cause unexpected results.
* Fix: The AI driver will now react to the train starting to topple.
* Fix: Several issues in the DDS texture loading plugin.
* Fix: In some cases, the camera could get thrown out of the car.
* Fix: Issue when the primary rail for a platform was missing, but the secondary was not.
* Fix: Route.InitialViewpoint was glitchy with an AI train in the section.
* Fix: Colliding with a buffer on a route containing a single train crashed.
* Fix: Crash when closing the RailDriver config form with none attached.
* Fix: SanYingInput config window size incorrect.
* Fix: Route Viewer needed the close button pressing twice with no routefile loaded.
* Fix: Lighting glitch when the camera was inverted.
* Fix: Shifted index issue in animated files containing a StateChangeSound