---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.8.1.0
description: "OpenBVE v1.8.1.0"
modified: 2021-07-16
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

Many, many years ago **michelle,** one of the initial developers of OpenBVE expressed a desire for this simulation to move beyond it's roots, and to load content from other simulations. Adding support for some new object and texture types was the first tiny step along this road, but this wasn't enough.....

Now, we've finally made that dream a reality, with support for routes from the legacy DOS based simulator Mechanik added.

### New Features:
* Routes from the legacy DOS simulator Mechanik are now supported! Please see https://openbve-project.net/play-mechanik/ for further details.
* Significantly improved DenshaDeGo! controller support, with several new types.
* If playing on Windows, with a supported screen reader, in-game messages are announced. Please also see https://openbve-project.net/play-accessibility/

### Significant Changes:
* New: Add **EmissiveAll** and **ColorAll** commands for use in B3D / CSV objects.
* New: Add basic AI for several legacy Win32 plugins.
* New: Add borderless windowed fullscreen.
* Change: Significant updates to the compatability hacks database.
* Change: Various internal changes to make the UI work slightly better under some Linux distributions.
* Hacks: Reject handle change delays of over a minute.
* Hacks: Handle where an empty transparent color is set.
* Hacks: Add workaround for repeated Face2 with differing vertex order.
* Fix: Rotation matrix math issue under certain uncommon circumstances.
* Fix: Several related issues with TFOs.
* Fix: Support X format objects using absolute paths.
* Fix: It is no longer possible to issue a _RailEnd_ command for Rail0.
* Fix: Correct sub-matrix transformation in MSTS s parser.
* Fix: Possible recursive deletion issue when uninstalling a package.
* Fix: Possible infinite loop if browsing to the Windows temp folder when searching for train / route.