---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.8.2.0
description: "OpenBVE v1.8.2.0"
modified: 2021-11-06
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

This release implements a new OpenGL menu for systems which cannot run the original Windows Form, such as 64-bit Apple.
It also contains significant improvements to screen scaling on Retina displays, and has other internal changes to make the new renderer work correctly using GL3.1 forwards compatible contexts.

### Significant Changes:
* New: OpenGL based main menu for systems unable to run the original Windows Form- Restores compatability with Apple systems running Mojave and above.
* New: Support Densha DeGo! Zuki controller, improve support for some others (MarcRiera)
* New: Add Lighting Change events to allow the light model to be altered over the course of a route.
* New: Add hour, minute and second variables to animated files.
* Change: GL3 now uses a forward compatible context, and works correctly on Apple.
* Change: Switch font used on Apple, should give a much better set of Unicode glyphs.
* Fix: Positional bug in CarXMLConvertor (some converted sounds were being placed incorrectly versus their original hard-coded position).
* Fix: Improved scaling on Retina displays and others with a non-standard DPI.
* Fix: Handle the case where a driver reports it supports GL3 features, but crashes when they are requested.
* Fix: Limit the possible CoefficientOfStaticFriction value when hacks are enabled- Fixes certain BVE2 trains.
* Fix: Stop certain Win32 plugins crashing when the game is paused for 20+ mins.
* Fix: Issue with PlayerTrain variable when placed as a FreeObj