---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.9.2.2
description: "OpenBVE v1.9.2.2"
modified: 2023-09-15
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

This release adds another significant change, in that it is now possible to uncouple vehicles from the player train. 
Whilst (probably) not immediately useful, it is another significant step along the path of moving away from the simple linear world model. 

**Note:** Two pre-releases to work out some kinks caused by the new PNG decoder. Hopefully this is now fully functional.

### Sigificant Changes:
* New: It is now possible to uncouple cars from the player train. Coupling is not (yet) supported.
* New: Add inbuilt AI to control MTR South Island Line trains. (Non-standard controls / plugin)
* New: Scratch written PNG deoder. 
* Change: Various improvements to the behaviour of the sanders. (KennyHui)
* Change: Stop various null objects from adding error messages.
* Change: Update pt-PT translation. (Alexandre Carvalho)
* Change: Already played trigger once sounds are reset upon jumping the train.
* Fix: An unrecognised / unsupported file in the plugins directory would cause the game to fail to load.
* Fix: The GL menu would crash if clicking the start button with nothing selected. (KennyHui)
* Fix: Fallback translation for some UI elements not working as designed.
* Fix: The viewing distance for RouteViewer was stuck at 1km
* Fix: An invalid driver car set via train.xml could crash the parser.
* Fix: Building using the makefile could fail if unable to determine the Nuget version present. (Some non-latin languages)
* Fix: Handle a different parenthesis in folder names variant.