---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.9.0.0
description: "OpenBVE v1.9.0.0"
modified: 2023-03-14
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

This version of OpenBVE introduces **QuadTree** visibility, which may be enabled by setting _Options.ObjectVisibilty_ to **2** in routefiles, along with several significant other changes to improve stutter in more complex routes.

### Significant Changes:
* New: Add **QuadTree** visibility mode- This performs considerably better than track based visibility, and should be considered for all new routes.
* New: Use a separate thread to update visibilty, reduces stutter on complex routes.
* New: Support another variant of the DenshaDeGo! One Handle controller for Nintendo Switch.
* New: Add **ScaleX, ScaleY** and **ScaleZ** functions for animation.
* Change: When in 32-bit mode, **Unload Unused Textures** will be automatically enabled if critical memory pressure occurs.
* Change: Implement caching of texture origins, speeds up multiple uses of large textures.
* Change: Cache the texture transparency type, reduces stutter when using large textures.
* Fix: Issue with an incorrect number of cars being returned to .Net runtime plugins.
* Fix: Some variants of compressed DXT textures failed to decode correctly.
* Fix: A _$Include_ file containing invalid characters in it's filename crashed the parser.
* Fix: Issue with brake sounds in BVE5 motor sound parser (experimental)
* Fix: Issue with faces containing a texture but no co-ordinates in the Assimp OBJ parser.
* Change: Invert dissolve factor in original OBJ parser.