---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.11.0.2
description: "OpenBVE v1.11.0.2"
modified: 2024-08-19
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

Ths release contains a major new feature: Initial support for BVE5 format routefiles.
It would not have been possible without the hard work of **S520** and the parser library created by **aoisupersix**

My thanks also go to **ginga81** and **zbx1425** for support, and most importantly **Mackoy** and **Rock_On** for the creation and ongoing development of BVE itself.

This initial release contains acceptable to good support for a large proportion of routefiles, albeit with some glitches, which are being worked upon.
AI trains are supported, but currently have no sound. Some animation effects are also not currently supported.

Please also see the following page:


https://openbve-project.net/bve5/compatability/


### Significant Changes:
* New: BVE5 routefile support.
* Change: A considerable number of improvements and fixes to the X parsers. 
* Change: Better caching on reload for RouteViewer.
* Change: Update the DenshaDeGo! controller drivers. (MarcRiera)
* Change: Add workaround for BMP textures with an index outside of the color pallete.
* Change: Cleanup / improve the translation files. (Kenny-Hui)
* Fix: Unpredidicatable freezes on some Linux systems, by setting **mesa_glthreads=false**  (JakubVanek)
* Fix: Changing from wireframe to back could unexpectedly reset GL.ClearColor.
* Fix: Lag when initially changing from cabview to external.
* Fix: Incorrect length check in brake calculations. (Triggered by uncoupling some trains)
* Fix: Incorrect length check in brake calculations. (Triggered by uncoupling some trains)