---
layout: post
title: OpenBVE v1.10.1.0
description: "OpenBVE v1.10.1.0"
modified: 2024-05-17
tags: [welcome]
categories: [intro]
---

Whilst the list of changes in this build is quite long, most will not really be of interest to 'normal' users, but have instead come about as a result or requirement of introducing running on differing rails, and all the challenges that go with it.

**Hotfix** to 1.10.1.1 to address an issue cloning animated objects containing sounds- My apologies.


### Significant Changes:
* New: Add **Train.DownloadLocation** to routefile commands.
* New: Support the DenshaDeGo! MTC controller doors light. (MarcRiera)
* New: Add **PlayerDistance** and **PlayerTrackDistance** to available animated instructions.
* New: Links in train / route descriptions are clickable in the legacy WinForms menu.
* Change: Many improvements / fixes to the Switch functionality. Thanks to all those who tested / reported issues!
* Change: Standardise date format in logging (KennyHui)
* Change: Only log an issue once per broken object instead of once per use.
* Change: Alter TFO loading, and add rail index validation.
* Change: Block an internal Windows file from the mechanik parser.
* Fix: Collision not taking into account differing running rails.
* Fix: Some adaptors produced ghost input when using a DenshDeGo! controller. (MarcRiera)
* Fix: Implement some of the less common types into the PNG decoder, and some associated issues with API functions.
* Fix: Correctly handle some broken .X files produced by the BVETS Convertor.
* Fix: Position of a sound within an animated object incorrectly affected the object's base position.
* Fix: An empty line in **train.dat** could be incorrectly interpreted as an empty acceleration curve.
* Fix: Some issues with converted acceleration in CarXML convertor.
* Fix: CarXML convertor not escaping filenames.
* Fix: An inverted null check causing issues with cloning animated objects containing a sound.
* Fix: Excessive indentation when using CarXMLConvertor.
* Fix: XML only trains were not found in several places.
* Hacks: Add workaround for Yogyakarta- Madiun excessively slow load times.